AAR
  This is a package implements the artificial autoregressive diagnostic method and other diagnostic methods for Bayesian hierarchical models. Current version supports R 3.4.* or above/JAGS 4.0.x or above.

RStochastic
  This is an R package allowing illustrative examples for different kinds of stochastic processes. 
  (1)Limiting behavior of finite state Markov chain or some game theory models. 
  (2)Limiting behavior of Dirichlet processes and its mixtures. This is part of the project The Definition of a Dirichlet Process that I completed earlier. 
  (3)Limiting behavior of Gaussian processes with various correlation functions.
  (4)Non-stationary Gaussian Process.
  (5)Sparse Gaussian Process with customized pseudo-inputs.
  (6)*(upcoming) Multiple tracks of stochastic processes with different parameter settings.
Current version supports 32/64-bit machines installed with R 3.4.* or above.
Picture Comparison
  This is a VS-based software which conducted content-based(pixel-wise) search for picture files using a couple of simple popular statistical learning methods (pixel score/averaging). Current version supports 64-bit/32-bit machines and .gif/.jpeg files.
*I am transplanting it to a Python-based software at the moment.

Edgeworth Expansion
  This is an R package [CRAN] that calculated the Edgeworth Expansion with adjusted numerical accuracy.

DocOn
  This is a VS-based software which realizes automatic content-based re-naming. Current version supports 32-bit machines and .doc/.rtf/.txt files.
?
?Namer
  This is a VS-based software which realizes drag-and-drop re-naming. Current version supports 32-bit machines.

SquareCraft
  This is a real time strategy(RTS) game I built around 2008-2012, which incorporated QTE system and most RTS features using the light-weight ActionScript3.x language.  The product is a cross-platform(Windows/Linux/Symbian)  executable game which also provides a framework flexible enough to add more customizations later. It is more of memorial purpose that I put it here. :-)